Open this back up.
So now we're running on 8080.
Again, come over here
write our names as Brian.
I hit submit obviously it's not gonna
I'm not doing anything with it yet.
But if you come over here, look at what
you're getting back here from the server.
Something, right?
It's an encrypted buffer, right?
So we actually have to go and
we have to decode everything that
we're getting back from the client,
because it's being sent in this particular
binary format that's been encoded.
Yeah, so these are called frames, right?
And if it's a like a really large output,
it'll actually it will definitely break
these over multiple frames, right?
So if you send it back, 100 pages of
JSON I'm going to break that over multiple
frames as well so
that it can send those packets faster.
It makes the implementation
harder to deal with but
it makes it a very flexible way
of communicating because we
can send videos over WebSocket for
example, right that can be.
Can you broken down, written two frames
and then sent over across a WebSocket
connection, it makes it really good for
stuff like that.
So let's go dissect a frame for
just a second.
Let's scroll down here and
you'll see this.
This diagram that I took from
think this might be this spec.
I don't remember.
Yeah, this is actually
from the protocol spec.
So if you got way too much
time in your hands and
you're super bored and you want to be
more bored, go ahead and read this.
I did read part of it.
Some of the stuff in here.
Yeah for example, this is
the string I was telling you about.
It's just right there.
Someone's like, okay cool.
This seems like a good idea.
We're just putting this
magic string in here.
Someone's gonna like tweet at me and say
like, this is why this was a good idea,
Brian, I'll be like, okay, that's fine.
I believe you cheap jokes.
Okay, so this is like what
a frame ends up looking like.
So these are individual bytes in here,
bytes bits.
But the important parts here
is one we have an opcode here.
So there's different kinds of frames that
you can send there's like an opening frame
there's a data frame or
I think it's called a text frame.
There's a closing frame when you're done
and you're closing it to like significant
the fate of the server or the client, hey,
I've decided that I'm done talking to you.
Here's a closing frame.
All that stuff is stored
here in the opcode.
Here we're giving it a payload length
of how long of how much data to
expect from it.
If you need more than you can actually
extend here into this extended
payload length.
You have to give it a masking key.
So note, WebSockets themselves
do not require masking which
is basically you use like
this masking key to encode.
What you're sending over, however,
the browser always masks it.
So we actually,
we're gonna assume this is always set to
one in our particular implementation.
That's the masking key here.
And then here, everything after
this is just payload data, right?
Stuff that we're sending to the client.
Not super important that
you understand this.
I'm just Just kinda of letting
the concepts that I'm about to show
you in code, right?
This is, the raw information that's
being pushed over your socket.
Okay, so the only opcodes of your
care about one which is n and
we care about eight is the closing frame.
We're just gonna ignore a lot of this,
to be honest with you.
We're just gonna implement that what
we need to make our app work and
we're gonna ignore the rest of it.
But something like socket, io will
handle all of this stuff for you, right?
They've actually gone through and thought
through all of these permutations, okay?
So let's hop back over to our code and
we're gonna go look at parse message.
This is the most complicated part of this.
So we're gonna give it a buffer.
So basically what we wanna do
at this point if we look here.
We wanna take this, and
we wanna translate this back into text.
That's the goal of taking a buffer,
and making it back into text.
Just like we did with the object to
response where we made it a buffer, and
sent that over the network.
We're now going the opposite direction.
Okay, so the first thing is
we're gonna read the first byte,
and this is gonna be the opcode, right?
So you're gonna notice here we're gonna
see a lot of individual hands and
we're gonna see a lot of these things.
So the and
this is a logical end bitwise operator.
And what a bitwise
operator do if I have like
a full byte 0b10010011, right?
And I say and 0b00010010,
this does a logical and
between the two of these things.
And what that actually does is this is
really easy to see basically look like
where does it have both one
in one of these, right?
So here, the product of logical and
here would be 00010010.
Because you can see it's
where these two matchup.
You'll sometimes see or
you'll sometimes see other ones
like I'm trying to remember.
I don't do a lot of it was operating
like I always have to look these up
whenever I'm teaching these, but
you'll see these down here in here.
These are shifting operations we
actually just moving things over.
And then he had we're doing
a bitwise between the first byte
that we're getting back from the frame,
and
then hexadecimal 16 which I
think you can represent as
it's just representing that as this two,
four eight.
Anyway, whatever I'm not gonna
translate into binary but
suffice to say this ends up being 16,
right?
Hexadecimal, O x f This is
ends up being the number 16.
They're just different base numbers right?
Binary is base two hexadecimals base 16.
And you and I are most used to writing
hexadecimal or so just decimal base ten.
Not a class in binary but
I just wanted to let you know the stuff
that's that's going into here.
So opcode, we're looking here for
opcode eight, right?
This means that connection this close so
we return null and we're just saying cool.
We're all done here, wrap it up.
The connection is now over.
If we see any other opcode besides one,
we're just gonna return because we don't
know what to do with that,
aka we're not gonna implement it.
So we're only care about text
frames here which is opCode 1.
Okay, we read the second byte here.
And this is basically saying we're looking
for is is this a mast number, right?
A non mass number you would just be
able to read the numbers directly out of
their mask.
You'll see down here that we have to use a
mass to convert from one thing to another.
So we're looking for is it masked,
if it's not masked, then we're gonna say,
well, you're obviously not a browser,
so I'm just not gonna deal with you.
So this is where we're saying here we only
care about masked frames from the browser.
Here where to get the maskingKey.
And then down here, we're checking
the length of how long it is and
we're saying We don't care about
anything that's big, right?
So we're just doing small frames here, but
this is where you would handle long
frames if that's what happened.
Okay, and then at this point we're
just gonna start reading stuff out of
the buffer and piece by piece convert
adding it to an unmasked number.
This is the mask here.
The mask down here,
which we're using a masking key.
Suffice to say, we have like a four
number mask and we're just looping over
the position because you have to
kind of loop over it continually.
And we use that to convert
that from a buffered mask
stream into just a normal buffer here.
And then at the end here after our for
loop is done.
This is another bitwise operator there,
this is another shifting operator here.
Same thing shifting operator here and
a logical and there.
Between doing all that you end up with at
the end like a byte that can be written
out as UTF8.
Yeah, that's what we're doing
here with the response.
Yeah, or you went to a truther there.
And we're writing that to our sponsor,
and eventually we're gonna
end up with a string of something
that we can actually understand.
So we take that buffered binary string and
we say to string UTF8,
which will end up being a JSON string,
which we then do JSON.parse, right?
And at the end of this
entire parse message thing,
we'll end up with an object of
what we got from the WebSocket.
So, how much of that do you need to
understand like, just zero, right?
It doesn't nothing there's actually
really critical to understanding here.
One, I just think it's super interesting
and two, I think it's cool for
you to understand what's actually
going on over the wire there.
And to me, it's interesting If
you're doing like socket.io, or
anything like that, somewhere in
JavaScript code, this is happening, right?
So this is something that I had assumed
forever that was just being handled by
the c++ layer or
some part of the the node engine natively.
It's not, some jerk just like me wrote
this in an open source library and
released it, all right?
I think it's cool, okay?
Does anyone have any questions about this?
I will say that I don't really understand
it a whole lot more than I'm what I
just told you.
I dug a lot into this but it's just,
there's an infinite depth here.